with me where you from sharpers calm um
I have another unboxing you probably saw
my Apple summers playing box and I just
did this is not this equipment that I
get um I'll give a little background
here um I own my own small media
business and I've done cry you know my
website worried about this but I've done
project for Boy Scouts America done for
different churches I've been for
graduation slide shows some graduation
schools and stuff and I have a thing
coming for a church this weekend and
I've been checking out like using them
camera angles and I saw that a mixer
video mixer I work really well to be
able to do that with and so I sold this
and um I thought my little go and pick
it up and since it was about $80 and
Alfie vainqueur cereal y'all should know
by now I love eBay and so I got a really
really good deal on this know me like
brand news like owns five $600 and yet
used for $80 system still so I did
already open this because I was showing
to my dad my dad helps me out a lot of
this stuff since this is what he went to
school for and so userid glad that I was
able to find this but um our explains
the man medica biggie dings in the post
so yeah going to open this here a lot a
lot of bow breath here
ready noise now here we go
and there's the video mixer right here
when it go ahead pull this out here and
some the pieces that diggy games will
post and close this back up don't take
all the photographs I might you might be
doing something with it
but I want to use this box as have a
table here for me there you go
you see the video mixer here and I'll
bring it close a camp shot I'm in but
you can see here on the side it has this
grape right here and then I hear this
part broke right here very sad about it
but it's fine I can't really replace it
but I might be able to subdue it back on
or something like that but it does run a
Tomica it's it's a small part but I'll
go ahead and lower the camera down and
I'll show a clip a closer look at this
alright here we go we're back now this
is a Panasonic mixer
it's a where's the model number but the
pass on a digital AV mixer wjm x12
and it's a very it's very good condition
the only part is this side part here
broke on it off the side here and then
the one that now is missing but this now
I won't be using because it's funny on
wipe effects which I won't need since um
I usually do a stage special for Church
stuff but um you basic controls here you
got your different video outputs here
you're a beauty 132 and then black and
color which I must show exactly what
that is buying it figure out how exactly
to work this I downloaded a manual pdf
offline but you see volume controls here
you got some balances here you can't
play mics into it and it bounces
different the different cameras then
over here you got some of your you
effects that you can do with audio and
with video and then you get all your
wipes and let's kind of stuff and then
this part this is your fader of course
whenever you click one button and you
want to go you're next you fade it in
out and then here you got your where you
new picture on picture and basically
move the screen side one other and on
the back though I'm sorry on the front
here yeah your power switch you're off
and on simple of here you got you can
put in a a node controller for this
series they had a title maker I think
and then you put a mic or you can plug
in headphones as well and you get patrol
right there volume control for that
turning around here you have your
different plugins try to get this up to
the camera here give them plugins here
you have your source one your source two
and then extra camera which I'm not sure
where the controller is up here for that
then you get the out for that one
because you always have it in and out so
you have viewing monitor then you get
your two Accords on you got basically
you come out to one and come up to
another one you want to recordings yeah
your audio in that way and put a mic in
and basically have the same style for
all three cameras and then also you get
your preview out here now right here
this these is top in here we try to pick
us up to the camera here yeah that work
is I this is s-video right there this is
the rubber AV and other ones there and
then you get your audio and you get that
for each one Sutter cetera and these
retro video ones and that's pretty much
it guys my pod show you more of a
demonstration how it worked this how to
work this mixer once I figure how to
work in I'll show you the setup I have
and hope you guys enjoy this check out
rest of my videos and I'll be showing
you how more this soon and I'll see you
guys in the next video
you